adding alt-text for some images and illustrations (#916)
swcarpentry/python-novice-inflammation: _extras/discuss.md

~~~
{: .language-python}

> ![Row of 8 colored squares. Black, white, red, green, blue, yellow, purple, light blue](../fig/grid-02.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Row of 8 squares colored black, white, red, lime green, blue, yellow, fuchsia, and cyan](../fig/grid-02.png)
```

~~~
{: .language-python}

> ![ 3 by 2 grid of colored squares.Row1: Fuchsia, Salmon, Orchid. Row2: Lavender, LimeGreen, HotPink](../fig/grid-03.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ 3 by 2 grid of colored squares. Top row: salmon, lavender, hot pink. Bottom row: fuchsia, orchid, lime green](../fig/grid-03.png)
```
